For Cake:
1) Heat oven to 350°F | 175°C. Lightly grease two 8-inch cake pans with Heat oven to 350°F | 175°C. 
Lightly grease two 8-inch cake pans with sifted cocoa powder.

2) Cream butter and sugar together until light in colour. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after 
each addition to combine well.

3) In a smaller bowl, mix together oil, remaining cocoa powder, 
red food colouring and vanilla until smooth. 
Stir colour mixture and vinegar through the creamed sugar mixture to combine.

4) Sift together flour, baking soda and salt in a separate bowl. Add half of the dry ingredients
 and half of the buttermilk to the wet ingredients; 
 mix well. Repeat with remaining dry ingredients and buttermilk.

5) Divide batter among the 2 prepared pans and bake for about 25 to 30 minutes,
 or until a toothpick inserted into the centre of the cake comes out clean. 
 Cool on a wire rack completely.

 For Cream Cheese Frosting:

*  Beat together cream cheese, butter and vanilla until smooth lighter in colour (about 3-4 minutes). 
Beat in icing sugar until frosting is light and fluffy (if frosting is too thin, add more icing sugar
 and beat again until reaching your desired consistency).

Optional if using: mix in the lemon juice.

Assemble Cake:

1) Transfer 1 cake onto a serving dish/plate, flat-side down. 
Trim the top dome off of the cake to create a flat bottom later. Scoop about 1 1/2 - 2 cups of frosting 
onto cake and spread evenly over the top.

2) Place second cake layer on top and use remaining frosting to cover top and sides of cake.

3)Crumble trimmed pieces of cake to decorate.

Enjoy!

NOTES:
*To make your own buttermilk, mix 1 cup of full cream milk with 1 teaspoon vinegar before baking.
 Allow the milk to sour for 5-10 minutes.

 * If your family doesn’t like cream cheese frosting, here is a delicious one you can use.
5 tablespoons all purpose flour
1 cup milk
2 sticks salted butter
I cup granulated sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla
Mix flour and milk in small saucepan.cook over medium heat until thick, stirring constantly.
 Set aside to cool completely. Beat room temp butter until fluffy. Beat in sugar a little at a time. 
 Add vanilla. With mixer on medium speed, slowly spoon in cooled flour mixture and beat till fluffy.
  Spread on 8” round cake or cupcakes.